README.md, before:

Kolaborativa
============

**Kolaborativa** is a social network of professionals of the current web. If you are a Designer, Developer, Social Media Analyst, SEO Manager, works with online advertising, makes games for the web, develops apps for mobile, is waging in the digital medium or makes anything that involves the web, that's the place for you!

---------------------------------------

Dependencies
--------------

The Kolaborativa social network is a web2py application and in order for you to run it, you will need:

- Python 2.7.x
- Web2Py 2.4.6
- Firefox 15+, Chrome 20+

---------------------------------------

Installation
------------

*1.*  First download [Web2py](https://github.com/web2py/web2py)

*2.*  Clone the repository Kolaborativa inside the folder "applications" of web2py.

    git clone git@github.com:gustavox4ids/kolaborativa.git

*3.*  Now start web2py.

    python web2py -a 1

*4.*  Access the application by URL.

    http://localhost:8000/kolaborativa


Developed by:
--------------

**Dodilei**
+ Twitter: [@dodilei](http://twitter.com/dodilei "Twitter") | Facebook: [gustavo.w4lker](http://www.facebook.com/gustavo.w4lker/ "Facebook") | GitHub: [gustavox4ids](http://github.com/gustavox4ids "GitHub")

**Cassiobotaro**
+ Twitter: [@cassiobotaro](http://twitter.com/cassiobotaro "Twitter") | GitHub: [cassiobotaro](http://github.com/cassiobotaro "GitHub")

**JuliaRizza**
+ Twitter: [@outrora_](http://twitter.com/outrora_ "Twitter") | Facebook: [JuliaRizzaDev](http://www.facebook.com/JuliaRizzaDev/ "Facebook") | GitHub: [JuliaRizza](http://github.com/JuliaRizza "GitHub")

---------------------------------------

License
---------------------
Kolaborativa is under [MIT](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php/ "MIT license") license.

Commit message:

friendly url in /scripts/routes.py

README.md, after:

Kolaborativa
============

**Kolaborativa** is a social network of professionals of the current web. If you are a Designer, Developer, Social Media Analyst, SEO Manager, works with online advertising, makes games for the web, develops apps for mobile, is waging in the digital medium or makes anything that involves the web, that's the place for you!

---------------------------------------

Dependencies
--------------

The Kolaborativa social network is a web2py application and in order for you to run it, you will need:

- Python 2.7.x
- Web2Py 2.4.6
- Firefox 15+, Chrome 20+

---------------------------------------

Installation
------------

*1.*  First download [Web2py](https://github.com/web2py/web2py)

*2.*  Clone the repository Kolaborativa inside the folder "applications" of web2py.

    git clone git@github.com:gustavox4ids/kolaborativa.git

*3.*  Now start web2py.

    python web2py -a 1

*4.*  Access the application by URL.

    http://localhost:8000/kolaborativa

**Obs:** There is a scripts folder that contain all the scripts needed to the application run correctly. Read the README file of the scripts folder to know how to use each of them.


Developed by:
--------------

**Dodilei**
+ Twitter: [@dodilei](http://twitter.com/dodilei "Twitter") | Facebook: [gustavo.w4lker](http://www.facebook.com/gustavo.w4lker/ "Facebook") | GitHub: [gustavox4ids](http://github.com/gustavox4ids "GitHub")

**Cassiobotaro**
+ Twitter: [@cassiobotaro](http://twitter.com/cassiobotaro "Twitter") | GitHub: [cassiobotaro](http://github.com/cassiobotaro "GitHub")

**JuliaRizza**
+ Twitter: [@outrora_](http://twitter.com/outrora_ "Twitter") | Facebook: [JuliaRizzaDev](http://www.facebook.com/JuliaRizzaDev/ "Facebook") | GitHub: [JuliaRizza](http://github.com/JuliaRizza "GitHub")

---------------------------------------

License
---------------------
Kolaborativa is under [MIT](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php/ "MIT license") license.
